All right. As a bonus guest, we have, Melaine our manager.
We have the person who is managing us and I might
have you person who works for one of the biggest Japanese publishing companies.
Um, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm proud of you Malin,
because this is the literal opposite of Connor right here. Like you,
you were not scared to go balls deep and show us who you really are. Listen,
I give you what I really am gone.
setter. You're, basically
[inaudible] vanilla is a flavor that needs to exist. And I have that. All right,
let's go from top left to bottom. Right? We have monster from the new world.
We've done a prince summer Jojo vampire night,
golden Camry story of [inaudible] Soares. And
[inaudible] do you want to explain yourself Malin? Yeah, especially,
this is literally, I like the true crime. This is
isn't it. It is. Yeah. You got Joe Joe's monster. And then you've got all that.
Like I've.
Watched all of these at least two or two to five times
each.
Yeah. You, you wouldn't did not influence her.
She's thought of the same thing where it's the shows you rewatch and the shows
you just speak it back to, because I've heard mainly in talking about monster,
we've done a prince summer Jojo golden Camry. She's the guy already.
It's the bottom three, then I'm curious. Huh?
Well, most of my body pillows are the hock location.
Okay. Let, let, let me preface that. I think out of, out of all of us,
Malin owns more body pillows. Then the three of us put together. How.
Many do you want right now in Japan?
Including in the U S how many do you want? Like 50, but hold on, hold on there.
They're not all big body pillows.
We're not the number five zero.
Cause I do have like.
Key chain. I need to clean up the gins for you.
Degeneracy has come a long.
Way. I haven't, you know,
the body spray to make the pillow smell like the official care.
Because why not? You want to know what they.
Do, boys. Honestly want me to be like, this is if you want it for me. Yeah.
You can be the weird one. This guy likes his children. He can have that.
I'm going to be normal. Thank you very much. I,
I take enough ELLs in the other shape,
I got a thorough grilling on the hint I absurd from having normal tastes.
I'm happy to have normal tastes this time. Okay. I've heard of,
I've watched the rest actually. Alan's incestuous
[inaudible] but with beautiful [inaudible] there's.
Two incestuous anime on here. The vampire night.
The vampire night. Yeah.
[inaudible] I mentioned, I do not know anything about the show.
The only thing I know is the only person who loved that show to be a better.
Man. I don't know. But uh, yeah. I mean, I can't explain.
I can't explain. I don't even.
Have high res images. Like they're so old, dude.
I will though say that I'm like Minecraft,
potato coins balance is really trashy. Like
really bad to print. Isn't that just a Gachet game? No, no, no, no.
That's you just know that because Malin [inaudible] it's not a pretty,
just like idle master if they were all guys. So like,
I feel like out of everyone here,
maiden yours is the only one that has shows that I've never heard of. Um,
what is, what is this show hukou.
So, you know, say, give me the secret. Basically in Japan, it's like
be shown in version.
[inaudible] like pretty boy to demand version.
There's only like a visual novel three is all foods. Are they like
[inaudible]? I mean, we can see that we can see also likes a true crime
. There's more food you have been on here than actual, like regular shows
. Jojo counts as food
, the bottom three out of all of this, right? Like from the new world out
the most. Did you just, did you just put this, did you just put this in to me
? Like this is guys, guys, guys. I got a little bit of [inaudible]
literally mainly saying yes, I am a functioning human in society.
Monster's pretty normal monster golden Conley's Berry.
I am a normal human being. No, no, no. These two. I know. I know why.
I know why you're like my son golden cam. We cause you, if you'd like,
like you said, you'd like you cruise time, free time also you can do a
Johann, so sexy.
[inaudible].
Thank you. Thank you very much for joining us. Wow.
That was some trash tastes you can say.
Got it. I'm glad to know that the producer for trash taste has trashed taste,
but you know what? It was more entertaining than honor's vanilla though.
That was the better way. I can't always be the weirdo.
Like I have that most of the time, come on, leave me alone. The weirdo.
I've almost a one big light, right? I'm about,
I'm going to say so that you guys are like, what the? I'm sick and tired of.